### Introduction

 Fast – Binance claims to process 1.4 million orders per second.
 Low fees – It charges 0.1% in transaction fees, and even less if you pay in Binance Coin.
 Liquidity – The high volume of people buying and selling on the exchange means it’s easy to sell at close to market price.
 Choice – Binance offers hundreds of different cryptocurrencies.

### How is Binance Coin produced?

Binance Coin (BNB) is an ERC-20 token built on Ethereum. Binance issued 20 million Binance Coins at its ICO, and will eventually buy back half of them and destroy them. This ‘burning’ process helps maintain the token’s value. Binance Coin can be bought on the Binance exchange using another cryptocurrency, or it can be bought on several other exchanges.
How does Binance Coin work?

Binance Coin can be bought or sold on Binance’s own exchange, or a handful of other exchanges that offer it.
What can you do with Binance Coin?

Binance Coin can be used to pay trading fees on the Binance exchange. For example, if you trade another cryptocurrency for bitcoin on the exchange, Binance will charge you a 0.1% trading fee. That’s how the company makes money. However, if you use Binance Coin to pay the fee, they will reward you by charging a lower fee. That has helped increase demand for the exchange’s own currency. Binance Coin can also be used to buy other cryptocurrencies on the exchange. Additionally, some real-world retailers accept it – including all stores at Brisbane Airport in Australia.
The future

Blockchain – Binance announced it will be launching its own public blockchain in 2019. Dubbed the ‘Binance Chain’, it will be a platform for people to create new cryptocurrencies.

Fiat to crypto – Binance is largely known as a crypto to crypto exchange. That means that you can’t trade fiat money (like the US Dollar) on the platform for cryptocurrencies. You first need to use another platform like Coinbase that specialises in fiat to crypto exchange, then bring that cryptocurrency to Binance. By avoiding fiat, Binance has also been able to avoid a lot of the government regulation that comes with it.

Now the company has big plans to launch fiat to crypto exchanges on every continent, starting with Uganda. The hope is to lure more traditional institutions to invest on the platform by making it easier to jump in. However, it looks like the US Dollar isn’t part of the plan anytime soon. The CEO said in an interview with Fortune that it doesn’t want to deal with country’s tight regulations.

With the broad range of crypto derivative instruments on offer, Binance Futures also provides investors and traders numerous ways to enter the market.
Altogether, Binance Futures offers access to four product lines:

    USDⓈ-Margined Futures Contracts - Supports perpetual and delivery contracts and settled in USDT or BUSD. Read more about USDⓈ-margined contract specifications.
    Coin-Margined Futures Contracts - Supports perpetual and delivery contracts and is settled in cryptocurrency. Read more about Coin-margined contract specifications.

    Binance Leveraged Tokens - An innovative product that allows users to gain increased exposure to a specific crypto asset without worrying about liquidation risk. Read more about BLVTs here.
    Binance Options - It simplifies options trading for retail users. With the built-in leverage offered, users can maximize profits while minimizing downside risk. Learn more about Binance Options here.

Features:
    Cross collateral - an innovative feature that allows users to collateralize their crypto assets to borrow against another crypto asset. Read more about Cross Collateral here.
    Leaderboard - a fusion of social networking and cryptocurrency trading that allows users to view and follow the positions of the best traders on the platform. Check out our leaderboard here.
    Battle - gamification of cryptocurrency trading by placing traders head to head in a battle to see who is the most profitable over a certain period. Get started with Battle now!
