### Fee

 Transaction costs and related expenses add up over time and significantly impact your long-term returns.

 Maker fees are paid when you add liquidity to the order book, while taker fees are paid when you remove liquidity from the order book.

 Maker fees are generally less expensive than taker fees.

 Paying close attention to transaction fees and liquidity in a market can help traders set up more successful trades that provide desired results between maker and taker fees.

Crypto futures are certainly more inclusive and available than traditional futures. Crypto investors can often trade at significantly smaller amounts and don’t have to be an accredited investor to participate. All of this is great, but even crypto exchanges and trading platforms have fees that investors must incur.

### What are Trading Fees?

An inevitable part of crypto trading is the trading fees that exchanges implement to maintain operations. The fees occur at every point of transaction or exchange when customers purchase, sell, and even convert cryptocurrencies or futures contracts tied to crypto.

### Types of Trading Fees You Should Know About

Among the types of fees customers may encounter on crypto-derivative exchanges like Binance Futures, the main two include Maker and Taker fees. Traders act as takers or makers depending on whether they are providing liquidity and therefore increasing the depth of the order book (makers) or if they are taking this liquidity on (takers). Maker and taker fees are also referred to as payment for order flow.

### Maker Fees

Maker fees are paid when you add liquidity to the order book by placing a limit order below or above the market price. Increasing the size of the order book is good for the exchange and market participants. Thus, maker fees are generally lower than taker fees. Makers usually trade at high frequencies to execute strategies that profit by providing liquidity to other traders and gaining the ask/bid spread.

### Taker Fees

On the other hand, taker fees are paid when you remove liquidity from the order book by placing market orders. As such, taker fees are generally more expensive than maker fees. Market players that act as takers can be hedge funds that want to make profits from short-term price changes. They can also be larger investment firms that want to buy high volumes of contracts for immediate execution.

### How Trading Fees Impact Your Returns?

Fees can impact your returns depending on how entry and exit orders are executed. As we will explore below, maker fees are less expensive and, in some cases, can earn an investor a rebate.

Even a small transaction fee coupled with other related expenses such as funding fees will add up over time; the accumulated costs can significantly reduce your portfolio’s return. If your portfolio was up 20% for the year, but you paid 2% in fees and expenses, your return is only 18%. Over time, that difference adds up.

### Binance Futures Fee Structure

Across most of the crypto exchanges out there, Binance Futures has one of the lowest taker fee structures. The table below shows that Binance’s taker fee rates start at 0.04% and can be as low as 0.017%. Maker fee rates start at 0.02% and can be as low as 0.0000%. To trade at the lowest fee rates of either taker or maker rates on Binance, users have a 30-day trade volume of more than or equal to 750,000 BTC and more than or equal to 11,000 BNB. But just getting started requires a 30-day trade volume of 250 BTC or less and doesn’t require BNB
