### Introduction

It is used for storage & retrieve of data such as operations monitoring & application metrics.
It is time series database which is used for high write and query loads. 

### Steps
- Collect and write data

Collect and write data to InfluxDB using the Telegraf plugins, the InfluxDB v2 API, the influx command line interface (CLI), the InfluxDB UI (the user interface for InfluxDB 2.1), or the InfluxDB v2 API client libraries.
Use Telegraf

Use Telegraf to quickly write data to InfluxDB Cloud. Create new Telegraf configurations automatically in the InfluxDB UI, or manually update an existing Telegraf configuration to send data to your InfluxDB Cloud instance.

- Scrape data

InfluxDB OSS lets you scrape Prometheus-formatted metrics from HTTP endpoints. For details, see Scrape data.
API, CLI, and client libraries

- Query data

Query data using Flux, the UI, and the influx command line interface. See Query data.

- Process data

Use InfluxDB **tasks** to process and downsample data. See Process data.

- Visualize data

Build custom dashboards to visualize your data. See Visualize data.

- Monitor and alert

### Most used 2 stacks in influxdb

2 TICK stacks

[TICK stacks.png]()

1.1 Telegraf

1.2 InfluxDB

1.3 Chronograf

1.4 Kapacitor

Understand how Telegraf writes data to InfluxDB

Once Telegraf is installed and started, it will send system metrics to InfluxDB by default, which automatically creates a ‘telegraf’ database.

The configuration file for Telegraf specifies where metrics come from and where they go (inputs and outputs). In this example, we’ll focus on CPU data, which is one of the default system metrics generated by Telegraf. For this example, it is worth noting some relevant values:

    [agent].interval - declares the frequency at which system metrics will be sent to InfluxDB.
    [[outputs.influxdb]] - declares how to connect to InfluxDB and the destination database, which is the default ‘telegraf’ database.
    [[inputs.cpu]] - declares how to collect the system cpu metrics to be sent to InfluxDB. Enabled by default.

For details about the configuration file, see Get started with Telegraf.
Query data in InfluxDB

As reviewed above, Telegraf is sending system data, including CPU usage, to InfluxDB. There are two ways you can query your InfluxDB data:

    In Chronograf with the Data Explorer. Use the builder to select from your existing data and allow Chronograf to format the query for you. Alternatively, manually enter and edit a query. You can move between using the builder and manually editing the query.
    Using the command line interface.

Query example:

SELECT "usage_system",
       "usage_user"
FROM "telegraf"."autogen"."cpu"
WHERE time > now() - 30m

- Visualize that data in a Chronograf dashboard

Now that you’ve explored your data with queries, you can build a dashboard in Chronograf to visualize the data. For details, see Create a dashboard and Using pre-created dashboards.
Create an alert in Kapacitor based on that data

- Since InfluxDB is running on localhost:8086, Kapacitor finds it during start up and creates several subscriptions on InfluxDB. These subscriptions tell InfluxDB to send all the data it receives from Telegraf to Kapacitor.


2 Telegraf-InfluxDb-Grafana Stacks

Telegraf is user agent, to fetch data into InfluxDb

- InfluxDb Client
Web UI
Influxdb CLI
Clients by language: InfluxDb-python-client...
Mobile App

### Plugins

Has so many types of plugin can be used with
Such as
- input plugin
- output plugins
[plugins link](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins)
[ ] [search plugins]()

